# Sustainable Development Goal 7.1- Access to Energy
According to information on the UN website, in 2015 the UN member state agreed on a 15- year development plan with 17 agenda which are intended to improve the lives of everyone and help to manage the effects of climate change. The 7th on the agenda is ‘Sustainable energy for all’ which targets on access to energy, renewable energy and energy efficiency. (United Nations, n.d)
This research, reports progress made on Sustainable Development Goal 7.1 which is access to clean fuel and technology for cooking and access to electricity and focuses on Sub-Saharan Africa. Emphasis will be on some countries in Sub-Saharan Africa because according to the 2021 report that was released by SEforALL (an international organization that works with government, private and other institutions to drive the achievement of sustainable development goal), 19 out of the 23 countries that make up 80% of electrification challenge are from Africa. The organization also acknowledges that without access to modern energy, it will be impossible to attain the Sustainable Development Goals to improve public health, expand education and reduce poverty (SEforALL,2022). Assessing the progress made so far will  not only help to identify areas that need improvement, it will also bring to the fore the sense of urgency needed if we must tackle the devastating effects of climate change. To achieve this, the following steps will be used.
(i)	Report progress made so far by developed and developing countries in achieving sustainable energy for all.
(ii)	compare the progress made by both developed and developing countries
(iii)	predict/forecast the likely outcome before 2030 using the progress made so far
(iv)	 make recommendations / solutions based on outcome of the research
Appropriate visualisations showing progress report for both groups of countries will be displayed, trends will be analysed and lastly forecast will be done based on historical performance.
